To become part of any of the opportunities listed here, please call or e-mail
the church office: (402)&nbsp;474-1505 or
[office@egrace.org](mailto:office@egrace.org).

# Outreach Programs

## Good Samaritan Fund (1/3)

This fund supports community outreach and is funded by members of Grace and the
Grace Lutheran Foundation.

## Prescott Emergency Food Bank (1/3)

Grace members support an emergency food bank at Prescott Elementary School, just
a few blocks south of the church.  Donations can be deposited on shelves in the
church's atrium.

## Lincoln Lutheran Food Pantry (1/3)

The congregation collects nonperishable food and personal hygiene items.
Donations are transferred to a central location operated by the pantry.

## The Gathering Place (1/3)

Located on 1448 E Street in Lincoln, [The Gathering
Place](https://www.facebook.com/The-Gathering-Place-162787880406308/) serves
free evening meals to homeless and near-homeless individuals and families living
in our community.  Meals are served Monday through Friday from 5:00&nbsp;PM to
6:00&nbsp;PM.

## Meals on Wheels (1/3)

Based out of Tabitha Health Care at 4720&nbsp;Randolph Street, [Meals on
Wheels](https://www.tabitha.org/senior-care-services/meals-on-wheels.html)
delivers a nutritious meal, a warm smile, and a safety check that helps keep
seniors healthy, safe, and living independently in their own homes each year.

## Refugee Resettlement Support (1/3)

The refugee resettlement program works with [Lutheran Family
Services](http://www.lfsneb.org/) to plan for the resettlement of refugee
families in Lincoln, locating and reserving apartments, providing furniture,
furnishings, and supplies, and offering transportation.

# Organizations that Use our Building

## Lincoln Literacy (1/3)

[Lincoln Literacy](http://lincolnliteracy.org/) provides English language and
literacy instruction to adults and families living in Lancaster County.

## Boy Scouts (1/3)

The [Boy Scouts of America](http://www.scouting.org/) offers service projects,
ceremonies, games, and other activities that promote develop character,
citizenship, and personal fitness.

## YWCA Take a Break (1/3)

[YWCA Take a
Break](https://www.ywcalincoln.org/programs_services/tab/take_a_break.html)
offers short-term care for families in crisis, foster parents, caregivers of
adults or children with special needs, or children caring for their aging
parents, giving them a short break from the demands of caregiving.

## Alcoholics Anonymous (1/3)

[Alcoholics Anonymous](http://www.aa.org/) is an international fellowship of
those who have had a drinking problem; members share their experience with
others who are seeking help.

## Al-Anon Family Group (1/3)

[Al-Anon](http://www.al-anon.org/) is a mutual support group whose members share
their experiences coping with the effects of a problem drinker in their lives.

## Narcotics Anonymous (1/3)

[Narcotics Anonymous](http://www.na.org/) supports recovery from the effects of
addiction through a twelve-step program, including regular attendance at group
meetings, help from peers, and an ongoing support network.  Despite the name,
Narcotics Anonymous addresses all drug addictions, including addiction to
alcohol.
