To become part of any of the opportunities listed here, please call or e-mail
the church office: (402)&nbsp;474-1505 or
[office@egrace.org](mailto:office@egrace.org).

# Christian Education

## Sunday School (1/3)

Weekly Sunday School classes are offered for nursery through high school during
the school year. The curriculum focuses on familiarity with the Bible and
applying scripture to everyday life.

## Confirmation Classes (1/3)

The Rite of Confirmation in the Lutheran Church is a public profession of one's
faith in affirmation of one's baptism. Our confirmation classes, organized
around Luther's Small Catechism, explore Lutheran theology in depth so that
students can decide whether they wish to claim these beliefs. Classes are held
weekly during the school year.

## Wired Word (1/3)

A Wednesday evening class that discusses current events of the day and how they
relate to scripture.

## Adult Class (1/3)

Sunday morning Adult Class uses the Augsburg Adult Bible studies curriculum. We
use scripture to grow in our faith and we use conversation to grow in our
relationship to each other.

# Lay Worship Leadership

## Altar Guild (1/3)

The Altar Guild prepares bread and wine for communion and sets and clears the
altar.

## Acolytes (1/3)

Acolytes assist in worship by lighting and extinguishing candles, helping with
communion, carrying items during processions, and—in some cases like
baptisms—holding texts for the presiding and assisting minsters.

## Communion Assistants (1/3)

Communion assistants help the presiding and assisting minsters distribute bread
and wine during communion.

## Readers (1/3)

Readers read one of the Bible passages appointed for the day of the worship.

## Assisting Ministers (1/3)

Assisting ministers help the presiding minister, who is usually the pastor, to
lead the congregation through worship.  Usually this includes reading a Bible
passage, saying the prayers of the people, helping to distribute communion,
giving the dismissal, and greeting worshipers as they leave the sanctuary.

## Cantors (1/3)

Cantors sing certain parts of the liturgy, also to lead the congregation through
the worship service.

# Music

## Children's Choir (1/3)

For elementary students, this group practices at 6:15 PM on Wednesdays and sings
for worship about once a month.

## Chancel Choir (1/3)

Open to anyone high school age or older, this choir rehearses on Sunday mornings
from 10:30 to 11:30 and sings for worship two to three times per month.

## Bells of Grace (1/3)

Our handbell choir meets on Thursdays from 7:00 to 8:30&nbsp;PM.  They play for
worship, prepare a major concert for Christmas and often again in the spring.

# Other Organizations

## Jesus Awesome Youth (JAYs) (1/3)

The JAYs, consisting of middle- and high-school-aged youth, participate in
service projects, attend synod wide events, and gather just to socialize.

## Yesterday's Youth (1/3)

A group for those 55 or older, Yesterday's Youth gathers on the second Wednesday
of each non-summer month.  Meetings include a pot luck, a pastoral report on the
congregation's shut-ins, devotions, short presentations, and time for
conversation.

## Women of the ELCA (WELCA) (1/3)

WELCA is a group of women who support the community—by collecting gifts for
Prescott elementary students and fundraising for local charities—the
congregation—via a prayer chain, holiday gifts for shut-ins, and food and meals
for funerals—and faith formation among women—through Bible studies, Women's
Sunday, and hosting and attending various assemblies for faith-based women's
groups.

## Quilting and Sewing (1/3)

The quilting and sewing group meets weekly to prepare quilts, school kits, baby
kits, and health kits for [Lutheran World Relief](http://lwr.org/).

## Men's Bible Study (1/3)

The men's Bible study is a year-round study that gathers at Bagels and Joe (48
and Old Cheney) every Thursday from 6:30 to 7:30&nbsp;AM.

## Global Dining Group (1/3)

The Global Dining Group chooses three types of cuisine at the start of the year
and divides into subgroups.  Subgroups research, plan, and eat a meal of each
type over the course of a year, both as a way to learn about the world and for
members to get to know each other.
